com/example/exampletaxi/vm/MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.vm.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.exampletaxi.vm.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_exampletaxi_core_App_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_exampletaxi_core_App_GeneratedInjector
com/example/exampletaxi/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.BuildConfig
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_exampletaxi_core_App.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_exampletaxi_core_App
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_exampletaxi_core_App.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_exampletaxi_core_App
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_exampletaxi_vm_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_exampletaxi_vm_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/exampletaxi/vm/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.vm.MainViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_exampletaxi_vm_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_exampletaxi_vm_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_exampletaxi_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_exampletaxi_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/exampletaxi/mappers/ImageMapperImpl_Factory.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.mappers.ImageMapperImpl_Factory
 com.example.exampletaxi.mappers.ImageMapperImpl_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/example/exampletaxi/core/App_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_GeneratedInjector
com/example/exampletaxi/vm/MainViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.vm.MainViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.exampletaxi.vm.MainViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.exampletaxi.vm.MainViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/exampletaxi/core/Hilt_App.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.Hilt_App
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.Hilt_App$1
com/example/exampletaxi/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.exampletaxi.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/example/exampletaxi/databinding/FragmentBaseBinding.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.databinding.FragmentBaseBinding
com/example/exampletaxi/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/exampletaxi/core/DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCI
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCI
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
com/example/exampletaxi/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/exampletaxi/databinding/FooterLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.databinding.FooterLayoutBinding
com/example/exampletaxi/core/App_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.exampletaxi.core.App_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/exampletaxi/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/exampletaxi/databinding/ImageItemBinding.java
 com.example.exampletaxi.databinding.ImageItemBinding
